Update feature promotion guidelines with details on automated vs manual testing (#1770)
openshift/enhancements: dev-guide/featuresets.md

# When can I flip my feature to make it Accessible-by-default?
Stable features can move to accessible-by-default at any time before release branching.

> Exceptions (promoting a feature in a z-stream) are discouraged, but can be merged subject to staff-eng approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exceptions (promoting a feature in a z-stream) are discouraged, but can be merged subject to architect approval.
```

Origin testing is generally preferred and should be the first choice for new tests.

It is expected while in development, that TechPreview testing will provide signal.
Once promoted, the same signal will come from the stable jobs.

When using a custom periodic suite to provide test data, you must ensure both TechPreview and stable variants exist prior to promotion.
For origin based tests, TechPreview jobs run on AWS, Azure, GCP, and VSphere.

The textbook example of this process for a complex feature is demonstrated by Egli Hila as he works to ship [workload partitioning](https://github.com/openshift/api/pull/1443).
In his PR Egli is doing a few powerful things:
1. He’s created new tests in the E2E suite.
This is the most powerful automated regression protection we have.
2. He’s linked directly to the tests in sippy that aggregate results across all the jobs running in tech preview mode (AWS, Azure, GCP, VSphere).

Our automated testing requirements for feature promotion are:
* At least 5 tests for each feature
* Tests should run at least 7 times per week
* Tests should be run on all supported platforms (we inspect AWS, Azure, GCP, vSphere and Bare Metal)

> * Each test must trackable individually with a success or failure metric (typically through JUnit)

Reviewer 2: Any more details on how to manage the output for CR consumption or is this assumed to be obvious?

Author: Add a link out to https://docs.ci.openshift.org/docs/release-oversight/component-readiness/#how-results-appear-in-component-readiness  below which explains how CR gets the data
